


Methodology - 

1. Setup 3 basic files for the application - 
	a. index.html	(entry point of application which will be served over web browser)
	b. main.js	(javascript file for making the REST API call and getting the data and setting the images for slideshow)
	c. styles.css 	(stylesheet for setting styles on elements such as control buttons, setting opacity etc.)
2. Setup the basic layout of the page in index.html - with standard header, content and footer content.
	Since, the project is only about slideshow, the width of the slides is purposefully set to 100% to make it aesthetically pleasing.
3. Setup the functionality in main.js
	a. make the GET request to the end-point
	b. save the data received and extract just the image-urls
	c. set the image elements in the html file with those image-urls
	d. setup a slideshow - track the current slide, setup next and previous buttons.
4. Setup the styles in styles.css
	a. add aesthetic effects on mouse hover, transition effect etc.
	b. set the next and previous buttons on the ends of each side with color, mouse hover, etc.
5. Push the code to GitHub
6. Activate gh-pages for hosting



Development process - 

Planning - The requirement document was aptly written. The requirements were to consume API on front end. Planning with respect to tools was to be done.

Analysis - With respect to tools - There was no need for use of any frameworks. Only, jQuery library would be used inorder to make ajax call and retrieve data and extract only image-urls.

Design - The project strucutre would require 3 standard files for - layout, styling, dynamic manipulation of content. The UI requirement is standard next and previous button to change images. The layout requirement is only the slideshow component.  

Development - Above methodology was followed for development of the application.

Testing - The application was tested on multiple browsers - Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Internet Explorer 11, Vivaldi, Opera.

Maintenance - There are no issues with respect to deployment. There is scope to include the metadata in the captions - if the metadata is received from API. 



Amount of time for work - 1 hour.
